Blogpost for sprint 163 (#459)
openSUSE/obs-landing: _posts/development/2024-04-17-scm-multiple-filters.md

---
layout: post
title: Filter SCM Events by multiple properties
category: development
---

> There is a new way to search for a Token's WorkflowRun Event.

Reviewer: @ncounter I wouldn't call it `Token's WorkflowRun Event`. I would just talk about `WorkflowRuns`

Author: That was the root reason why I came up with a so poor wording: I felt it was self explanatory so I barely knew what to say differently. Then a [nice suggestion by Henne](https://github.com/openSUSE/obs-landing/pull/459#pullrequestreview-2006406607) came up and I very much like it, so I'd go for it if you agree too.

> There is a new way to search for a Token's WorkflowRun Event.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Every time your source code management system (github, gitlab etc.) sends a webhook to OBS to trigger a SCM/CI Workflow, we give our best to record what is happening during (and in case of builds even after) your workflow's steps run. We do this because this is a complicated feature, involving two very large applications, where lot's of things can go wrong. So you need loads of information to debug once something is.

We do this by recording things in a "log file" called workflow run. You can access them from the [/my/tokens](https://build.opensuse.org/my/tokens). We have just published a new search/filter interface for workflow runs.
```

{% include partials/_series-of-posts-about-scm-integration.md %}

### Multiple Filters for the SCM Events Page

> It is now possible to fine-grain filters listing WorkflowRun Events now by the multiple properties an event is defined by.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It is now possible to use more fine-grained filters for listing your SCM/CI Workflows runs. You can filter by event status, type, action and source and combine them any way you want.
```

<!-- ![](/images/posts/2024-04-17/workflowrun-multiple-filters.png) -->
<figure>
  <img src="/images/posts/2024-04-17/workflowrun-multiple-filters.png" alt="Screenshot of workflow run multiple filters" />
</figure>

> ### Link the Target Project on Branching a package

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Provide a Link to the SCM Repository When Branching a Package
```

> While branching a package by the SCM/CI integration, it is now provided the link to the target project that was not available before.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If your SCM/CI Workflow is branching a package, the project the package is branched to, now contains a link back the the PR/commit that caused this workflow to run.
```

> While branching a package by the SCM/CI integration, it is now provided the link to the target project that was not available before.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When branching a package through the SCM/CI integration, we now include the link to the SCM repository in the target project description. 
```

---
layout: post
title: Filter SCM Events by multiple properties
category: development
---

Every time your source code management system (github, gitlab etc.) sends a webhook to OBS to trigger a SCM/CI Workflow, we give our best to record what is happening during (and in case of builds even after) your workflow's steps run. We do this because this is a complicated feature, involving two very large applications, where lot's of things can go wrong. So you need loads of information to debug once something is.

We do this by recording things in a "log file" called workflow run. You can access them from the [/my/tokens](https://build.opensuse.org/my/tokens). We have just published a new search/filter interface for workflow runs.

{% include partials/_series-of-posts-about-scm-integration.md %}

### Apply Multiple Filters to the List of SCM Workflow Runs

It is now possible to use more fine-grained filters for listing your SCM/CI Workflows runs. You can filter by event status, type, action and source and combine them any way you want.

<!-- ![](/images/posts/2024-04-17/workflowrun-multiple-filters.png) -->
<figure>

>   <img src="/images/posts/2024-04-17/workflowrun-multiple-filters.png" alt="Screenshot of workflow run multiple filters" />

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  <img src="/images/posts/2024-04-18/workflowrun-multiple-filters.png" alt="Screenshot of workflow run multiple filters" />
```
Should we also change the date of the post? Also renaming this post file....
